updated pricing markdown (#1)
inves-technology/lettuce-docs: source/includes/_prices.md

# Prices

_Update 16 Jan 2019: implemented but not saved to a database_

Currently it calls the source(s) in real-time, but soon we will start caching the answers and do scheduled refreshes

## Cryptocurrencies

> Price data of a set of cryptocurrency symbols (symbols) in a chose currency / symbol (toSymbol), gathered through our price aggregation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Price data of a set of cryptocurrency symbols (symbols) in a chosen currency symbol (toSymbol), gathered through our price aggregation service.
```

```shell
curl "http://api.lettuce.money/pricing/cryptos?toSymbol=ZAR&symbols=BTC,ETH,XMR"
  -H "Authorization: mypersonalapikey"

> ```

Reviewer: I highly recommend that we change this so that it's "toSymbol" and "fromSymbols" for consistency.
Also, I suggest that we change "cryptos" to "cryptocurrencies". But, over the long term, shouldn't it just be "/pricing/toSymbol..."? Why would you specify the asset type, when over the long term, that would be taken care of automatically?

Reviewer: Changed, thanks.

# Prices

_Update 16 Jan 2019: implemented but not saved to a database_

Currently it calls the source(s) in real-time, but soon we will start caching the answers and do scheduled refreshes

## Default

> Price data of a set of portfolio symbols (fromSymbols) in a chose currency / symbol (toSymbol), gathered through our price aggregation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Price data of a set of portfolio symbols (fromSymbols) in a chosen currency / symbol (toSymbol), gathered through our price aggregation.
```

  "fromSymbols": [
    {
      "fromSymbol": "BTC",
      "price": 53504.54788657036,
      "source": "cryptocompare"

>     },

Reviewer: Would each of these records not require a timestamp?

Author: Right now they don't. They are as @kinggs requested them to look, in the first planning session. We never changed it. Also it would be redundant since the service response time is always the same as the provider response time

    {
      "fromSymbol":"ETH",
      "price":1841.2815319462345,
      "source":"cryptocompare"
    },
    {
      "fromSymbol":"XMR",
      "price":667.5567423230975,
      "source":"cryptocompare"
    }
  ],
  "errors": []
}
```

## Stocks

> 

Reviewer: Again, I'm not convinced that we should split by asset type.

Reviewer: We discussed and agreed that this might be useful in future for debugging. Leaving it ini for now.

> Price data of a set of stocks symbols (symbols) in a chose currency / symbol (toSymbol), gathered through our price aggregation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Price data of a set of stocks symbols (fromSymbols) in a chosen currency symbol (toSymbol), gathered through our price aggregation.
```

```shell
curl "http://api.lettuce.money/pricing/stocks?toSymbol=ZAR&symbols=MSFT,TWTR,VOD.JO"
  -H "Authorization: mypersonalapikey"

> ```

Reviewer: Same comments as before

```json
{
  "timestamp": "2019-01-01T00:00:01.001Z",
  "toSymbol": "ZAR",
  "fromSymbols": [
    {
      "fromSymbol":"MSFT",
      "price":1532.7689388410452,
      "source":"alphavantage"
    },
    {
      "fromSymbol":"TWTR",
      "price":481.9734345351044,
      "source":"alphavantage"
    },
    {
      "fromSymbol":"VOD.JO",
      "price":13399.0000,
      "source":"alphavantage"
    }
  ],
  "errors": []
}
```

## Forex

Price data of a set of forex symbols (symbols) in a chose currency / symbol (toSymbol), gathered through our price aggregation.

```shell
curl "http://api.lettuce.money/pricing/forex?toSymbol=ZAR&symbols=EUR,GBP,USD"
  -H "Authorization: mypersonalapikey"
```

> The above command returns JSON structured like this:

```json
{
  "timestamp": "2019-01-01T00:00:01.001Z",
  "toSymbol": "ZAR",
  "fromSymbols": [
    {
      "fromSymbol":"EUR",
      "price":16.730801405387318,
      "source":"cryptocompare"
    },
    {
      "fromSymbol":"GBP",
      "price":18.85369532428356,
      "source":"cryptocompare"
    },
    {
      "fromSymbol":"USD",
      "price":14.63057790782736,
      "source":"cryptocompare"
    }
  ],
  "errors": []
}
```

## Forex

> 

Reviewer: I don't understand what you mean by "portfolio" in this context. 
The heading still reads "Forex".
Is this the call that allows any type of symbol? If yes, then why not just always call this endpoint? Why have specific /forex /cryptocurrencies points at all?

  "fromSymbols": [
    {
      "fromSymbol": "BTC",
      "price": 53504.54788657036,
      "source": "cryptocompare"
    },
    {
      "fromSymbol":"ETH",
      "price":1841.2815319462345,
      "source":"cryptocompare"
    },
    {
      "fromSymbol":"XMR",
      "price":667.5567423230975,
      "source":"cryptocompare"
    }
  ],
  "errors": []
}
```

## Stocks

Price data of a set of stocks symbols (fromSymbols) in a chosen currency symbol (toSymbol), gathered through our price aggregation.

```shell
curl "http://localhost:4000/prices/stocks?toSymbol=ZAR&fromSymbols=MSFT,TWTR,VOD.JO"
```

> The above command returns JSON structured like this:

```json
{
  "timestamp": "2019-01-01T00:00:01.001Z",
  "toSymbol": "ZAR",
  "fromSymbols": [
    {
      "fromSymbol":"MSFT",
      "price":1532.7689388410452,
      "source":"alphavantage"
    },
    {
      "fromSymbol":"TWTR",
      "price":481.9734345351044,
      "source":"alphavantage"
    },
    {
      "fromSymbol":"VOD.JO",
      "price":13399.0000,
      "source":"alphavantage"
    }
  ],
  "errors": []
}
```

## Forex

> Price data of a set of forex symbols (fromSymbols) in a chose currency / symbol (toSymbol), gathered through our price aggregation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Price data of a set of forex symbols (fromSymbols) in a chosen currency / symbol (toSymbol), gathered through our price aggregation.
```
